[Music]
ah the one hit KO the dream scenario
every time you choose an attacking move
in battle and yet one hit KO moves are
one of the most hotly debated topics in
the history of the Pokemon franchise
so when I took on a challenge to beat
the entire game of Pokemon yellow with
only one hit kill moves I'm sure plenty
of people rolled their eyes like uh yeah
he's gonna win that one eventually
there's no strategy involved it's just
luck based right well there's actually a
lot more going on here than you might
initially think in fact this run might
be completely impossible here's the
reason why in gen 1 of Pokemon one hit
KO moves rely on a lot of important
factors the first is that we need a
Pokemon that can learn both fissure and
Horn drill that's not a lot of Pokemon
to begin with but then we have another
factor to deal with we can only hit our
opponent with one hit kale moves in gen
1 if we outspeed them that means Pokemon
like ride on Nidoqueen and Nidoking are
automatically out they don't outspeed
enough opponents in the late game to
actually make this work so that leaves
Tauros and Mew and if we add on the
extra stipulation of minimum battles
meaning we can't just grind up levels
until we beat our opponents Tauros is
also not viable here because Tauros is
in the slow level up group that means
Mew is basically the only Pokemon that
this could even be possible with if we
don't use any attacking moves other than
one hit KO moves this could be an
impossible run but there's only one way
to find out so let's get into this one
and first we gotta break down a few
ground rules I'm only allowed to attack
my opponents with one hit KO moves in
battle I am allowed to use other status
moves or moves that might have some
effect on Mew for example if I suddenly
raise my speed somehow that's perfectly
fine
as with any other solar run on this
channel we never use items in battle and
we're going to be running on zero DVS
meaning that we're going to have the
slowest possible Mew with the least
amount of defense and HP to go along
with it on top of that we are not going
to use any other Pokemon in battle no
switching out no nonsense like that
and last but not least no struggle if we
run out of PPE we just have to reset
right there so go ahead and place your
predictions now into comment section
guys do you think this is going to take
500 resets do you think this is going to
be just a completely ridiculous run
that's impossible let me know but let's
get into this and find out if a single
Mew with only one hit KO moves can beat
the entire game of Pokemon Yellow on
zero DVS and minimum battles let's get
into it now we just have to get our Mew
and of course the rules are pretty much
the same as usual as Professor Oak he
just Chucks that Pokeball he's like I
gotta Mew another day at the office I'm
gonna give it to some little kid
um of course we're gonna use items in
battle so no I'm not going to be using X
accuracies in order to guarantee that my
one hit cable moves hit that would be
stupid
um but that is how you speed run that's
that's how we would actually Speed Run
the game that's right we're running KO
Kitty today
oh my God
[Music]
oh my gosh
my system only labels it as k no it
can't handle the period rip
but here we are we have KO Kitty we
start with 16 attack 15 defense 16 speed
16 or 15 special very typical of a Mew
and we've started out with horn drill
and fissure and we've got 35 PP and Horn
drill don't worry that will reset
automatically after this fight but we
have to start by finding out do we
outspeed rival one I think we do
but on zero DBS I'm not sure that we do
okay he's using tail whip and there we
go we land the one hit KO so we get
through rival one
and we get to level six that's perfect
so when it comes to the luck based
aspect of this run of course our odds of
knocking out an opponent depend on how
many turns we have to use one hitkayo
moves if we have to knock out one enemy
Pokemon yeah in one turn it's a 30
chance but if we have two turns we're
already over 50 percent by the time we
use all five PP on one of our one hit KO
moves we're up to 83 and if we ever used
all of our available PP with these two
moves on our moveset we would be a
whopping 97 to knock out a single
opponent so really the challenge is
Gonna Come when we get two opponents
that have more than one Pokemon but
there are also some other factors that
we have to keep in mind now this is our
first real big challenge we are going to
be four levels lower than this Caterpie
that we're about to fight in this
caterpino String Shot if it hits us with
string shot and lowers our speed I
guarantee we lose but we might lose
right out the gate if we can't speed
here let's find out okay we do out speed
and good he doesn't use string shots so
we get through the bug catcher
oh this is stupid
so speed is obviously going to be
important in this one even though it
didn't end up mattering there but now we
have an even bigger challenge Brock is
the first trainer that has two Pokemon
and the odds of knocking out two Pokemon
with one hit kale moves are way lower
than the odds of taking out one Pokemon
in fact we have to have six turns just
to get over 50 percent and even with all
10 PP we still have a 15 chance of not
knocking them out so let's see how this
goes okay oh we land the fissure
immediately
okay let's see
so we are in a speed tie right now so we
are I think just hoping and praying
to land the hit
[Music]
Rock goes down
oh this is stupid
oh we took down the first gym guys no
resets
Brock kind of did us a favor by using
baid there but
we move on to this next section of the
game and I'm not sure if we outspeed all
these Pokemon this bug catcher has three
bugs that could use
screenshot on us and that would
effectively end this run oh and we get
poisoned
no no
oh and that's the end of it right there
we are out of PPE we cannot Struggle No
no no no no we have to legitimately
knock these Pokemon out with one hit
kale moves okay here
we still out speed after One String Shot
so we actually got through that one okay
so one reset there the more Pokemon an
opponent has the harder this is going to
be obviously
now the odds of winning any fight really
comes down to how many enemy Pokemon we
have to knock out with these one-hit KO
moves when we're dealing with three or
fewer Pokemon we're actually favored
even with just 10 PP we haven't used any
ppaps yet but if we get over four
Pokemon it just absolutely falls off a
cliff we're only 35 to beat four Pokemon
and we're all the way down under five
percent to beat six Pokemon which means
the late game is gonna be absolutely
terrible in this one we're gonna have to
find ways to make this more manageable
now that most trainers are starting to
have three or more Pokemon we're gonna
start taking a lot of resets in this
next section
so here we are super nerd time
and we've gotta land
he disabled
Fisher Okay and we one shot there no we
ran out of people or we didn't run out
of pp we couldn't use fissure because it
was disabled
okay there we get the one hitter
and we do out speed here so
it's just purely a matter of hitting
okay there we go
and there we go oh we take him down
this is just gonna gradually get harder
and harder now like I said I'm allowed
to use any other moves
that don't deal damage this is very
important okay
I can use status moves I can use
something like soft boiled when I get
there to to heal up my Mew in battle I
just can only damage them with one hit
KO moves that's the important point so
struggle is out because it deals damage
right but I can set up things like
reflect substitute double team if I get
to the point of doing that
um anything else is fine but I can also
use some statuses on them that will be
important I think here in just a minute
here we need to land a hit though no
okay we do out speed
oh and we get through Team Rocket on the
first attempt that's stupid
oh my God this just so ridiculous
[Music]
okay
so now what do we out speed do we out
speed the Golding that is the question
let's see if we outspeed gold in here
oh we do
trainer first I will not out speed
Starmie at this point I know that for a
fact
but
as long as I outspeed Goldeen I can get
some extra XP there and now we have to
try to take on Rival number two I think
we outspeed everything here but we he's
got four Pokemon we've gotta land four
one-hit chaos in this in order to get
through which is bad
okay we get one
oh we get to
oh we get three
[Music]
come on oh there's the fourth one and we
take down VGC
competitive Pokemon has no chance
against hm or not hmule against KO Kitty
KO Kitty the ultimate Pokemon
now we do have to be careful here
because this is the first section where
we're gonna start to get flying types
and flying types mean that we can only
use horn drill we can't use fissure on
them
so we've gotta save our horn drill PP
and we missed every single horn drill so
that's a reset
we cannot progress in the fight because
horn drill missed Pidgey too many times
okay but now we did get through to
Nidoran and there we go we take that one
down we get to level 20. nice we get
through that one but now I'm gonna get
my first TM move that I'm gonna
intentionally learn this isn't like a no
tm's run I'm learning Thunder Wave very
intentionally here
Thunder Wave is gonna be a key I think
in this one because it's gonna allow me
to paralyze opponents which Cuts their
speed to one quarter of its normal
amount and that may allow us to even
horn drill some really fast opponents
point we might just be fast enough to
take on Misty I really want to try this
let's just try Misty one time
there she is look at her and all her
glory sending out her star me
Misty is gonna be tough because Starmie
is really fast like it's boomeranging
around in the air
so let's try this
we outspeed star you already so nothing
special to do here just hope for a hit
come on okay we got the hit there
finally
now we want to Thunder Wave on Starmie
and we ran out of pp okay
let's try this again
and it's worth noting that bubble beam
could result in us being too slow
so we definitely need to
hit her starmy with a Thunder Wave first
okay our speed fell but we're still
faster and there we go yes yes we
it we took her down
[Music]
Misty Get Wrecked
KO Kitty is here oh my God KO Kitty is
here
gen 1 is all about speed when it comes
to these one hit KO moves is the if your
opponent's faster you can't hit them but
that's why paralysis with one hit KO
moves is such a great combination this
is the only case where I actually like
paralysis status more than something
like sleep or or poison is when it comes
to one kko moves because it's it's the
cheat code it's what makes the one hikeo
move like super super good
so let's get into Oddish last year let's
see how this goes oh we just horn
drilled that one oh we just horned
horned that one come on oh we didn't get
the Clean Sweep that's too bad but we've
got five PP there we go we take him down
so we'll pick up in either we'll save
Billy boy from his Pokemon
experimentation see he's not doing
anything half as crazy as what I'm doing
right now but um we got to keep in mind
in the late game we're gonna have
opponents that have five six Pokemon on
their team and it's gonna take a lot of
luck in order to land all the hits I
think
now we can get down here get the full
restore and
let's get on down here to Pidgey girl
Pidgey girl is going to be hard because
we can only use
um whatchamacall we can only use horn
drill in this we have to land three out
of five horn drills
[Music]
sand attack and that's all she wrote for
that one we didn't have enough PP
[Music]
okay that's one
that's two we have to land this one no
we didn't land it rip okay
oh we got the sand attack too so that
one's just done
okay that's one
that's two
come on I believe in you yes yes KO
Kitty does it KO Kitty
for the win
God
this is stupid stupid
Ravel three time
we've got full PPE we need to save horn
drill or we have to just use horn drill
out the gate on Sphero he's got four
Pokemon so this is kind of hard let's
see how this goes
can we land the hit
oh we got the hit okay now fissure has
to hit three out of five times
[Music]
we lost
that that's the trouble we've only got
10 PP
with a 30 chance to hit each time
and we used all five there on the Spiro
all five horn drills and we couldn't
land to the hit oh although there we get
to turn one hit perfect oh there's
another hit oh there's
come on
oh and we landed the fissure even after
a sand attack that is amazing absolutely
incredible
have to deal with that I mean Lieutenant
surged in the anime this guy was a beast
actually like his Raichu was body
slamming Pikachu all over the place and
just wrecking it and mega punching and
mega kicking it oh my God but it's okay
we
we're better than this
okay
so here now I'm going to use Thunder
Wave now that he X speeded
oh my God he did so much damage he
knocked us out legitimately that's
stupid okay
[Music]
oh and we landed the fissure and we win
I mean we can just do that just paralyze
him and just immediately knock him out
so uh yeah it's a strategy clearly
but clearly we're not getting through
that fight without the Thunder Wave
because he out speeds us it's the same
for the Starmie we wouldn't have gotten
through Starmie without Thunder Wave
Thunder Wave is the move here but
so here let's get into the rapping lasts
oh my God I didn't recover PPE yeah
yeah and if I don't land every single
hit I'm just not gonna win so
[Music]
the problem here with wrapping glass is
the fact that she has four Pokemon
we've just seen the more Pokemon they
have the harder it just gets basically
and if we get paralyzed it will be
really bad so okay here we get put to
sleep we don't mind growth growth
doesn't matter
[Music]
sleep powder sucks though
come on okay there we landed the hit
oh the stuns for oh and I used Mega
Punch by mistake rip
okay now we get stun Sports which is
very bad
it's not the end of the world because we
can also paralyze them
and then that way we can get the speed
that we need
oh but you know what Ah that's the
glitch
when you're paralyzed and your opponent
uses a stat altering move something like
uh growth
it actually reapplies the effect of
paralysis again on your speed so you get
even slower so if we get paralyzed and
then Bellsprout starts using growth
we'll actually be outsped
we really need to avoid that okay poison
powder's good poison powder is very good
because now we cannot be paralyzed
so now we just need to land a hit come
on come on no he's wrapping me no
rapping last don't do it oh there we go
yes
[Music]
I mean this isn't great but it's pretty
funny we're almost halfway through the
battles in the game
so how many resets do we have right now
we're up to 22 resets
but still it's it's really not that bad
it's not as bad as you might be thinking
let's just find out if we can beat this
Rock Tunnel hiker
um it's not going to be easy that's for
sure but
can self-destruct and if he doesn't if
if we don't get knocked out by his
self-destruct I mean that's that's a win
guys because we can't control what he
does I'm just saying we can't damage him
with anything other than our one hit
cable move
foreign
down
[Music]
come on
yes
this is the only spot where I think we
don't have to immediately reset because
he could self-destruct but now he's
definitely gonna knock us out okay so
let's try again
we don't really mind defense curl
because it doesn't affect anything
we're still either gonna land the one
hitter or not
come on come on KO Kitty oh yes we get
it up to level 29 too I mean we're
getting decent speed at this point we're
up to what what is that
[Music]
seven speed we shoot out speed
everything except Kadabra on Rival
five's team at this point
so there we go we have gotten through
that section I'm gonna go to Celadon
first I want to get the pp up that's
available and sell it on that's my game
plan
the importance of ppaps here is
impossible to overstate we massively
improve our odds by just having two
additional PP going all the way up to 50
on four Pokemon and we've basically
doubled our chances against five Pokemon
and tripled our chances against six
Pokemon we're now at worst 11.7 to take
out six Pokemon assuming we can get all
the hits off which isn't guaranteed
let's test this on Erica so here is
Erica from the anime with her tangler
you know
they're all like look how pretty she is
and her tangler is such a terrible
Pokemon except it isn't as long as it's
a Gen 2 trade back
so here horn drill yes
we could learn metronome I'll learn
metronome over Mega Punch it gives us a
chance to maybe use a one-hit KO move by
accident
okay we won hit there and we won hit
there yes we get through Erica on the
first attempt that's stupid oh my God
I mean we're already up to 71 speed this
is ridiculous guys like
It's Gonna Come crashing down at some
point I'm sure but right now we're doing
very well 25 resets isn't great but it's
not bad it's really not bad considering
what we're up against here considering
that a lot of these resets are just oops
I ran out of PPE
so
we can go ahead and finish that fight we
can move on we can get
after pressing this little poster button
we can get another PP up down here
so I'm gonna go ahead and just drop this
one into a horn drill
[Music]
let's find out
oh fissure yes
come on come on land yes there's the
second fissure now we're going to change
the horn drill to try to take down the
seconds
one more attempt oh and we get it on the
last PPE yes
oh we're out of pp in our attacking
moves but it doesn't matter because we
took them down
time for Giovanni Giovanni let's go
buddy
I'm gonna try to land fissure on you yes
there we go
let's try to fissure this one
and now Persian
he's faster than us it looks like so I'm
gonna have to Thunder Wave the Persian
and now land the fissure there we go
Giovanni your own move being used
against you
you didn't know I knew Fisher did you
and now we have to go to the Pokemon
Tower
so let's just get in here we have to
fight rival five or sorry rival four
and uh we have to take out five Pokemon
here so we have to lead off with horn
drill against this Sphero
and fortunately horn drill will always
miss us because we out speed but we ran
out of pp there
you know we've got 12 PP to take out
five Pokemon
okay we landed the hit there that's good
come on
oh and now we can't win we're out of
we're too low on PP okay
like the bigger these teams get the
harder this is gonna get
[Music]
okay we landed the hit there we got the
hit there we still have six PP to take
out two Pokemon but we get sand attacked
okay we've got three PP to try to take
out this
oh and we get another sand attack no
Evie no
sand attack
ruins the Run seriously
like this strategy against one or two
Pokemon is really not a big deal it's
when you get these really big teams
and you have to sweep them with one hit
KO moves that this becomes hard you
missed sand attack which is nice we've
got three PP again on the Eevee and
there we go we finally land the hit
42 resets but we have managed to get
through
rival four and rival five is basically
gonna be the same thing it's just a
matter of can we land the hits within
RPP
so here we go
Team Rocket time
first things first let's
try to land hits okay we take down
Meowth
oh we get paralyzed
so we have to paralyze the Arbok to have
a shot here
okay
Owen because of stat changes
he outspeeds us rip oh man we need no
stat changes after we get paralyzed
[Music]
okay we fissure and take that one down
as a kid I thought if I used a super
effective move it would have higher
accuracy or something it doesn't but we
figure down the wheezing and there we go
we have gone through Team Rocket at the
top of the lavender Tower
so now but this is where I get scared
we want to take on Rival five
and I've got 11 PP to take down five
Pokemon
now I think I'm gonna hold off for just
a second because
we can get one more PP up over here on
our way down to
fuchsia
adding the third PP up in this run is
absolutely massive because it means that
we now have effectively a one in three
chance of beating a five Pokemon team
provided we can get off all 13 hits but
that's gonna be massive when we come up
against rival 5 when we come up against
Giovanni's gym but for now we should
take on Koga first he's only got four
Pokemon we should out speed everything
except venomoth but let's see how the
trainers in his gym go
That's All She Wrote
okay we knocked that one out knocked
that one out
come on take out the Kadabra yes okay
we've got seven PP and there we go we
take down the drowsy so just big teams
guys big teams that's what we're scared
of that's what the late game is going to
be so
the late game is going to be a nightmare
but at this point we're doing better
than hmule so there is that
stick on this juggler
[Music]
okay we one shot the Hypno
we just need to take down this drowsy
there we go we took him down and now
technically we should take on Koga first
um
because
kogo only has four Pokemon as opposed to
five Pokemon for the
Rival five so this is technically the
easier fight
to see though
so we got Koga from the anime where he
evolves this venonat into a venomoth in
the middle of battle and then just
proceeds to completely destroy Pidgeotto
Ash you had the right idea with
Pidgeotto but you got wrecked
so there we got a one shot but we get
toxic but now we landed a one-hitter
okay now we gotta land the one hitter
here
and we get wrecked by toxic and double
edge
okay we get all the way to venon moth
but we don't have any PP left and
venomoth is going to use leech life
every time because
smart AI
basically smart AI why does why does he
do anything smart AI
[Music]
okay we horn drilled out one down horn
drill that one down
okay we get put to sleep here and double
edge is doing so much damage
okay but we do horns drill that one down
we survive with two HP fissure yes yes
we got him
we got him we just destroyed Koga
55 resets but I will take it take it
take it we've had much worse runs than
this and I mean we're just so stupid
but
it's my favorite combo
of just like stupid moves is the Thunder
Wave plus one hit KO move or in the case
of like uh needle Queen body slam plus
uh one hit KO move the only reason that
we can't use Nidoqueen is because body
slam would deal damage but otherwise
needle Queen is actually really great
for this sort of run
[Music]
starts with body slam and with body slam
we can have a 30 chance to paralyze and
then just finish things off in style
with the one hit KO move so
and now it's time to go back up to
saffron if we can take down rival five
we can get Lapras and uh we can even go
get another PP up in the
in the power plant
um
okay but first let's take on Rival five
this is gonna be hard but he doesn't
have any flying types anymore so that's
the advantage that we have and we have a
badge boost in speed so we should out
speed everything here
[Music]
just no sand attack please
please God no sand attack
okay
we take that one down we take that one
down we take that one down can we land
the hit oh he sand attacked me you jerk
no oh we were all the way to the Flareon
oh man no sand attack please God no sand
attack okay
[Music]
fissure yes
fissure there we go we get through rival
five on the second attempt oh that was
so lucky but that was so good so here
we've got a Lapras now we can go ahead
and teach Lapras to Surf
gonna just do that now and I am going to
dig out of here
and uh I'm going to go to the power
plant
because at this point this is more about
ppaps than anything else adding a fourth
PP up we now have enough PPE that if we
can get off all the hits we're actually
a pretty decent favorite against the
four Pokemon team we're up to 40 against
five Pokemon teams and we're one in five
to beat a six Pokemon team and if we
just had a move like soft boiled this
will probably work out now I didn't get
soft-boiled initially I went back to
silphco was definitely a small
inaccuracy on my part but let's see how
it went
even with eight attempts are we gonna
miss them all oh my God we missed them
all
come on okay there's the one hitter
there's the one hitter
now we just need to land there we go
so here I'm just gonna pop an ether into
horn drill
and uh
who cares full restore because I don't
want to heal up and let's take on
Giovanni for Pokemon let's see how this
goes
no matter which move we use we just need
to land the four hits
I'll learn psychic but then I'm never
gonna use it
a fissure yes come on fissure fissure
fissure
yes
and now we have three for needle Queen
and we get through there we go
all right
so 57 resets to get through the rocket
storyline
um and now we have to make some
decisions of do we fight uh
Sabrina do we go fight
blame
the issue is that Sabrina's gonna be a
troll like really really gonna be a
troll because she uses
moves that lower our accuracy with
Kinesis and Flash
um so I actually think that Blaine's
gonna be the easier fight even though
his Pokemon are technically stronger in
a lot of ways
um
he attacks randomly
and
this might just come down to uh getting
some badge boosts from him
unintentionally because he can use uh
tail whip and growl on us and we don't
care right tail whip and growl have no
effect on our strategy because our
strategy is a one-hit KO or nothing
strategy so so there's one more thing
that I'm gonna do before this I'm going
to come up here and I'm going to add one
more TM in this run which is soft boiled
boiled because then
[Music]
KO Kitty can heal in battle
and uh in some cases that might be
exactly what we need to have a shot so
here now let's get into blaneyboy's gym
let's get into this fight with Blaine I
think we're outsped by everything here
but one badge boost I think is all we
need
just find out
so there is Blaney boy in the anime he
uses Magmar he doesn't even use any of
the Pokemon in his team actually he does
use nine tails in the anime but uh
that's it never uses the Arcanine but it
does use fire blast in the anime
[Music]
so there is that
here I'm just gonna thunder wave and now
go for fissure perfect
oh and we got the badge boost
so now it might not even matter
okay we just need to land a hit
and he is badge boosting us so now I
think yes we outspeed Arcanine and we
landed the hit so there we go we get
through Blaine on the first attempt
there we go very nice
so now let's go and try to take on
Sabrina we we have to fight her on
minimum battles there's nothing else to
do
Sabrina then it's on the Giovanni's gym
and then it's on to the Elite Four which
is going to be a nightmare in this one
but
you know we'll we'll take it as it comes
guys
so here we go we're up against Sabrina
and uh yeah
Sabrina in the anime was super creepy
with that like little girl doll
like play with me
she's just like ragdolling Pikachu
around
like
oh man
so here do we have speed yes
okay
oh but we got flashed anyway the game
plan here is just to try to land the hit
as quickly as possible there on the
[Music]
uh whatchamacall now do we out speed
we do
so it's just a matter of luck trying to
get the hit and we don't get it so
yeah we outspeed the first Abra which
means in theory we can just do that and
now we can Thunder Wave there okay we've
taken one Kinesis but we're gonna
thunder wave here so that we out speed
and now we're just hoping to hit there
we go we get through Sabrina on the
second attempts nice nice nice
oh we are making so much progress guys
oh we haven't even used soft-boiled in
battle but this might change when we get
here to
this next one here's the problem we
cannot
Thunder Wave
on this
uh we can't it's the underwave on Doug
Trio oh this is gonna be bad we're gonna
we're gonna have to go double team I
think
but here I mean we might have to go
rare candies to see if we can get fast
enough to outspeed the Doug Trio
a
because we've got
112 speed right now
[Music]
if we can't outspeed the Dugtrio
then we're going to be in really bad
shape because
[Music]
we can't use the one hit KO move if uh
we don't out speed
and that's his first Pokemon too I mean
he can't sand attack us
which would give us a badge boost but
ah this is gonna be bad okay
let's just see I need to see Doug Trio's
speed
[Music]
it's 133
with 10
levels would we get 133 speed that is
the question
see in there he just fissures us
so if we don't get to 133 or higher
um after using our 10 rare candies here
then we're gonna have to go double team
that's gonna be the only
possible way
[Music]
oh
but we can get
level 52 we've got enough speed yes okay
we have a shot we have a shot we don't
have to go double team
hey we just need the land of the hit now
okay we fissure that one
now he goes double team to jerk no
couldn't land to the hit
okay let's try this again
okay we figure that one
this is a speedy tie so I'm actually
gonna thunder wave him
oh and here we need to land to the hit
okay soft boiled soft boiled let's just
heal up
okay we take down needle Queen we take
down Needle King we got three PP to take
down yes there we go we ticked out right
on oh
God yes second attempt after we get
enough speed we got it
oh my god when we level up to level 53
we've still got a rare candy in the bag
oh this is gonna be stupid guys if we
manage to get through this without
having to go double team I'm gonna be
shocked I'm gonna be truly shocked I
will buy a double team before I take on
the Elite Four just because
um we gotta have it just in case but
ah let's get into rival six now
this is gonna be hard he's got like all
the Pokemon here
his team is like fully six Pokemon now
so
okay okay we still got eight we've got
seven PP to take down this Flareon yes
yes we get through
[Music]
we get through the Rival six on the
first attempt are you kidding me
oh my God
KO Kitty you are amazing
this is about to come to a crashing halt
I'm sure of it the the Elite Four is
just going to be so terrible unless we
get Godlike luck but
we are finding out that it might just be
possible to beat the entire game of
Pokemon yellow
with only one hit KO moves provided that
you have access to
Thunder Wave
and that's pretty incredible
[Music]
when you think about it right like
just having Thunder Wave
might be all that we needed to make this
possible I mean it was really close here
Tauros wouldn't get enough speed because
Tauros would be in this little level up
group wouldn't be anywhere near this
level at this point
which is why I vetoed tutorials early on
of course ride on ride On's way too slow
it's not going to get enough speed
um plus it's in the slow level up group
but even like Nidoking needle Queen
they're in the same level up group as Mu
but they have lower speeds so they
wouldn't have had enough speed to out
speed that Dugtrio without going double
team there
[Music]
like seriously if we do this without
broken TMS I'm just gonna lose my mind
[Music]
we're way better than hmule at this
point like way better
[Music]
okay well it's time to save and it's
time to take on Lorelei guys sorry I
don't have any intro videos for these uh
or little intro clips for these elite
four members yet they are coming
but in the anime they're like different
names right like uh
what Lorelei is prima in the anime band
episode you know the good stuff but
there we go fissure okay fissure works
there
here I'm gonna go ahead and use
soft-boiled walls she's using withdrawal
here
come on
okay horn drill landed
oh we got the lovely kiss oh but fissure
lands okay and fissure lands we take out
Lorelei on the first attempt yes
okay now we gotta save here and this is
one where we absolutely have to use the
elixirs because we're just gonna run out
of pp otherwise so here let's get into
the brutal fight
where I think again we just go for
fissure over and over again
eh yes yes
come on take down the Machamp yes oh
it's fissure we were able to take them
all down we don't even have to do a
Elixir we can just use an ether on
Fisher nice okay now it's Agatha time I
guess it's got fast Pokemon and on top
of that
we can only hit the ghosts with fissure
she's got three ghosts and we've only
got the 8pp to take them down
let's see how this one goes
so
here yes we do out speed
so I'm going for fissure right away
okay we got the fissure now Golbat we
have to Horn drill Golbat
because it's a flying type
so this is the only one that we have to
Horn drill on we can fissure there I'm
going horn drill there
fissure yes oh we got some agathon the
first attempt are you kidding me
are you kidding me
oh my God
okay we still got two rare candies in
the bag
I think we're gonna be outsped by
Aerodactyl so we're gonna have to
Thunder Wave on Aerodactyl the rest of
the team though I think we can just go
for the one hit KO moves and get through
Maybe
okay we land the one hitter there oh we
get Thunder Wave
no okay we we lost the Lance we didn't
get Lance on the first attempts that's
too bad
let's try this again
come on horn drill
okay
because he used
[Music]
um Hyper Beam that's why I decided to go
ahead and go for that
now the other issue here is that we have
to knock out all of these Pokemon
within the pp that we've got right
oh and we get a critical hit Hyper Beam
but that means three of his Pokemon can
only be hit by horn attack or sorry horn
drill
so the Gyarados we have to Horn drill it
here we can go fissure on the two
dragonairs we're hoping not to have to
use the rest of our PP here
it will soft boiled again there
okay fissure good
come on we want to land a fissure here
as well there we go okay now we need the
Thunder Wave and we need the horn drill
we've got four horn drills and we need
them to take out these last two Pokemon
we missed
fissure doesn't affect so
we were all the way to Dragonite we just
needed to land the hit
come on
okay we take that one down
yes
[Music]
here I have to go soft boiled on such
low health
gave a fissure lands okay
now we need to Thunder Wave against this
Aerodactyl
[Music]
lands there we go we get through Lance
seven resets this is not not bad okay
I'm gonna pop my last two rare candies
here
and I'm going to full restore and I'm
just going to go ahead and pop up Max
Elixir because I can
and it's time for the champion guys it's
got six Pokemon
Alakazam is really fast we're probably
gonna have to
[Music]
some luck there I I don't think we out
speed so I think we're going to have to
uh Thunder Wave and then try to take it
down but I mean everything else we
should out speed so then it's just a
matter of can we can we get the one hits
to knock him out so let's get into the
champion let's see how many attempts
this takes
oh my God
so here first things first I think we
have to take down this sand slash
quickly
because we can see it does a lot of
damage
but let's just keep going with this okay
[Music]
no matter which move we use because
everything is basically the same here
but we outspeed Alakazam okay
okay we landed the fissure good
come on
here he doesn't use anything really
strong with exeggutor so I think I can
just soft boiled there
okay we horn drill
oh but we get paralyzed here
no and then he statused me he used
Screech so that lowered my speed enough
that I couldn't hit anymore so that's
just an auto reset there
okay one shot there very good
oh he Thunder waves oh and then he
screeches so we can't do anything there
at that point it's just GG because of
the glitch where him
using that move results in us not being
able to or results in our speed going
down even more oh but here three
fissures land in a row
oh there's a fourth fissure yes yes
fifth fissure okay can we take down this
Flareon it's using fire spin
okay
okay we have to switch to Horn drill
oh and he knocks me out no I should have
healed I
[Music]
I should run getting all the way to the
Flareon
[Music]
okay horn drill hits
horn drill hits
come on horn drill hits yes orange real
hits yes horn drill hits okay we're all
the way to the Flareon with 8pp and
fissure it's there we go boys
oh my God we take down VGC
[Music]
resets
added four TMS technically because we
added horn drill Fisher soft boiled and
Thunder Wave
is basically the same thing as hmule
right but this is way way different than
ancient mule
because here on zero DVS in minimum
battles
the only spot
the only spot that we've reached in the
entire run where was like we have to use
rare candies in order to out speed an
opponent was Giovanni's Doug Trio like
that is incredible to me that Giovanni's
Dugtrio would be the only spot in the
entire run where Mew was actually not
fast enough to out speed
opponent or use Thunder Wave in order to
get through in the case where it didn't
out speed
and to do this in the under 100 resets
when you guys have seen some terrible
terrible runs on this channel I mean
this this is an a tier
like that's a what
um 12.2 points off of zero list so
that's I get such a kick out of this
like I I don't know if anybody else
cares but for me this is so much fun to
see situations like this where
playing the playing the game in the
stupidest possible way results in
something so one hit KO moves are better
than ATM moves that is the answer guys
so
as
you know random as you might think they
are they're not really that inconsistent
at the end of the day
yes you're gonna have some resets yes
there's gonna be luck but
I mean don't get me wrong we could
probably do this again and end up with
like way more resets away fewer resets
just depending on the luck rolls but
it's really just when you get to those
five six Pokemon teams that suddenly
that strategy becomes difficult but
man
we got this so that was really cool and
now there's only one question left of
course it's my question at least don't
know about you guys but uh
KO kitty it's time to uh
go KO another kitty
all right so we're gonna go into the Mew
fight here or the Mewtwo fight here love
rip
you know in the Pokemon anime Mewtwo's
only possible defeat with Mew
and then in the actual game Mewtwo is
just so much stronger than mute it's
ridiculous but
the advantage
because we can Thunder Wave and then
just go into our one-hit KO moves
and this is gonna be finished
oh man
[Music]
enjoying myself I hope you guys are
enjoying yourselves this will be edited
at some point but for now who cares
let's just get this up on the Channel
Once just have it there because this is
so stupid okay so here we are we are
just about to get to Mewtwo yes I could
pick up some more PP UPS in here I don't
think I need them
gonna get into this fight so here
against Mewtwo I'm leading off with
Thunder Wave of course and then fissure
to the G
absolute Legend on minimal battles
anyway see you in the next one guys
later
[Music]
foreign